coming at you from Husky international
in Seattle Washington today we'd like to
show you our 1999 international 2574
this truck is equipped with a dump body
and at Prentice 120c grapple hook the
truck has 60 GVW it's got a 20,000 pound
front axle and a 40,000 pound walk rear
walking beam suspension the truck is
powered with an international 530 E
motor and has an Eaton 8 double L
transmission the Prentice 120 C grapple
hook has a 22 foot capacity and a 3900
pound capacity when fully extended this
truck we took it in we've ran it through
our body shop they have completely
painted the rear dump the cab and the
crane the truck is an exceptional
condition it drives well you'd have to
see it because we just can't catch
everything in video the rubber on the
truck seems to be all about 50% the
drives are a little bit a little bit
better it's got good brakes it's a
strong runner ready for work
take you around the back of the truck
and show you the gravel hook
that's the grapple hook like said 22
foot extension 33 thousand nine hundred
pound capacity when fully extended give
you just a quick walk-around off there's
both sides of the char
the print is 120c has two outriggers
up on top is the operator seat all the
joystick controls are up there for the
grapple hook inside the cab to find your
PTO for the dump body as well as for the
grapple hook the trucks got about 150
thousand miles on it